README.md, before:

# Raytracer

## Primitive

- Sphere
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Plane
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - height -> double
    - width -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Triangle
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - pointA -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - pointB -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - pointC -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - material -> IMaterial

- Cone
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - length -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Cylinder
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - length -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

## Material

```
In the config file a material is represented like that:

materialName: Name of the material we can use in any primitive to assign at this surface.

color: The color of the material in RGB.
```

### Lambertian
    - color -> Color01
```
{ materialName = "lambertian_name"; color = { r = 0; g = 255; b = 0; }; }
```

### Metal
    - color -> Color01
    - reflection -> double [0, 1]
```
{ materialName = "metal_name"; color = { r = 0; g = 255; b = 0; }; reflection = 0.0 }
```

### Dielectric
    - reflection -> [0, 1]
```
{ materialName = "dielectric_name"; reflection = 0.0 }
```

### Diffuse Light
    - emit -> Color01
```
{ materialName = "diffuseLight"; color = { r = 255; g = 255; b = 255; multiplier = 2.0 }; }
```
The multiplier will multiply the value of r, g and b by this number to increase or decrease the color of the light.

## Texture

- ChessBoar
    - scale -> double
    - color1 -> Color01
    - color2 -> Color01
- Image
    - path -> std::string

## Object

A file who contains a list of triangles who will represent a 3d model.
```
{ filepath = "assets/panter.obj"; scale = 1.0; material = "lambertian_RANDOM"; }
```

It is composed by three parameters:

- filepath: path to the file where the model is placed.
- scale: the multiplier who represent the size of the 3d model.
- material: the material who is assigned to this model.

Commit message:

add: explantation of how implement new texture to a material in the config file had been added in the ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Raytracer

## Primitive

- Sphere
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Plane
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - height -> double
    - width -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Triangle
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - pointA -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - pointB -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - pointC -> (x, y, z) -> Point3D
    - material -> IMaterial

- Cone
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - length -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

- Cylinder
    - position (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - rotation (x, y, z) -> Vector3D
    - radius -> double
    - length -> double
    - material -> IMaterial

## Material

```
In the config file a material is represented like that:

materialName: Name of the material we can use in any primitive to assign at this surface.

color: The color of the material in RGB.
```

### Lambertian
    - color -> Color01
```
{ materialName = "lambertian_name"; color = { r = 0; g = 255; b = 0; }; }
```

### Metal
    - color -> Color01
    - reflection -> double [0, 1]
```
{ materialName = "metal_name"; color = { r = 0; g = 255; b = 0; }; reflection = 0.0 }
```

### Dielectric
    - reflection -> [0, 1]
```
{ materialName = "dielectric_name"; reflection = 0.0 }
```

### Diffuse Light
    - emit -> Color01
```
{ materialName = "diffuseLight"; color = { r = 255; g = 255; b = 255; multiplier = 2.0 }; }
```
The multiplier will multiply the value of r, g and b by this number to increase or decrease the color of the light.

## Texture

- ChessBoar
    - scale -> double
    - color1 -> Color01
    - color2 -> Color01
```
{ materialName = "lambertian_red"; color = { r = 255; g = 0; b = 0; }; texture = { name = "chess"; scale = 5.0; color1 = { r = 255; g = 255; b = 255; }; color2 = { r = 255; g = 255; b = 255; }}}
```

To add a texture "Chess" you need to add a category texture with a name of "chess" with a paramater scale, color1 and color2.

- Image
    - path -> std::string
```
{ materialName = "lambertian_white"; color = { r = 186; g = 51; b = 186; }; texture = { name = "image"; path = "assets/illi.png"} },
```

To add a texture "Image" you need to add a category texture with a name of "image" with a paramater path who is the filepath of the image.

## Object

A file who contains a list of triangles who will represent a 3d model.
```
{ filepath = "assets/panter.obj"; scale = 1.0; material = "lambertian_RANDOM"; }
```

It is composed by three parameters:

- filepath: path to the file where the model is placed.
- scale: the multiplier who represent the size of the 3d model.
- material: the material who is assigned to this model.
